[5.1]docs(drawer): documentation for item render event (#1760)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/drawer/events.md

> * [SelectedItemChanged](#selecteditemchanged)

Reviewer: When the events are not in a title or heading, use the `monospace` formatting to style them as `code`.
```suggestion
* [`SelectedItemChanged`](#selecteditemchanged)
```

@[template](/_contentTemplates/common/general-info.md#event-callback-can-be-async)

@[template](/_contentTemplates/common/issues-and-warnings.md#valuechanged-lambda-required)

## OnItemRender

> The OnItemRender event fires when each item in the Drawer renders. It allows you to customize the appearance of an item. Note that the event does not work alongside a [`<Template>`]({%slug drawer-templates%}#template), as the template disables all built-in features of the Drawer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `OnItemRender` event fires when each item in the Drawer renders. It allows you to customize the appearance of an item. Note that the event does not work alongside a [`<Template>`]({%slug drawer-templates%}#template), as the template disables all built-in features of the Drawer.
```

> The `OnItemRender` event fires when each item in the Drawer renders. It allows you to customize the appearance of an item. Note that the event does not work alongside a [`<Template>`]({%slug drawer-templates%}#template), as the template disables all built-in features of the Drawer.

Reviewer 2: Probably not all features, but all item-related features.

Author: The statement is in reference to the second paragraph of the Template section in the Drawer Templates article:

> When using this template all built-in features of the Drawer are disabled and should be implemented by the application, for example, the item selection and rendering, navigation to different pages, etc.

Reviewer 2: Well, the content in the Templates article can be polished too. For example, Drawer expand and collapse or mini mode are features, which are not related to templates.

> The event handler receives as an argument an object of type `DrawerItemRenderEventArgs` that contains: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an argument, the event handler receives an object of type `DrawerItemRenderEventArgs` that contains the following properties: 
```

| Property | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | `Item`   | `object` |The current item that renders in the Drawer. |
> | `Class`  | `string` |The custom CSS class that will be added to the item. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `Item` | `object` | The current item that renders in the Drawer. |
| `Class` | `string` | The custom CSS class that will be added to the item. |
```

> >caption The example shows you how to Customize the appearance of the Drawer items depending on the Drawer Mode.

Reviewer: Structure the captions as headings instead of complete sentences.
```suggestion
>caption Customizing the appearance of the Drawer items based on the Drawer mode.
```

````CSHTML
@* Click on the Toggle button to change the items' classes and Drawer mode. *@

<TelerikButton OnClick="@(() => DrawerRef.ToggleAsync())" Icon="@SvgIcon.Menu">Toggle drawer</TelerikButton>
<TelerikDrawer @ref="@DrawerRef"
               Data="@Data"
               MiniMode="true"
               Mode="@DrawerMode.Push"
               OnItemRender="OnItemRenderHandler">
</TelerikDrawer>

@code {

>     private TelerikDrawer<DrawerItem> DrawerRef { get; set; }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    private TelerikDrawer<DrawerItem> DrawerRef { get; set; }
    
```

    private IEnumerable<DrawerItem> Data { get; set; } =
        new List<DrawerItem>
        {
            new DrawerItem { Text = "Counter", Icon = SvgIcon.Plus },
            new DrawerItem { Text = "FetchData", Icon = SvgIcon.GridLayout },
        };

    private void OnItemRenderHandler(DrawerItemRenderEventArgs args)
    {
        if(DrawerRef.Expanded)
        {
            args.Class = "mini-class";
        }
        else
        {
            args.Class = "default-class";    
        }
    }

    public class DrawerItem
    {
        public string Text { get; set; }
        public ISvgIcon Icon { get; set; }
    }
}

> <style>

Reviewer 2: Move the styles above the code.
